ge=1. Mooseksen kirja
ex=2. Mooseksen kirja
le=3. Mooseksen kirja
nu=4. Mooseksen kirja
de=5. Mooseksen kirja
jos=Joosua
jg=Tuomarit
ru=Ruut
1sa=1. Samuelin kirja
2sa=2. Samuelin kirja
1ki=1. Kuninkaiden kirja
2ki=2. Kuninkaiden kirja
1ch=1. Aikakirja
2ch=2. Aikakirja
ezr=Esra
ne=Nehemia
es=Ester
job=Job
ps=Psalmit
pr=Sananlaskut
ec=Saarnaaja
ca=Laulujen laulu
isa=Jesaja
jer=Jeremia
la=Valituslaulut
eze=Hesekiel
da=Daniel
ho=Hoosea
joe=Joel
am=Aamos
ob=Obadja
jon=Joona
mic=Miika
na=Nahum
hab=Habakuk
zep=Sefanja
hag=Haggai
zec=Sakarja
mal=Malakia
mt=Matteus
mr=Markus
lu=Luukas
joh=Johannes
ac=Apostolien teot
ro=Roomalaisille
1co=1. Korinttilaisille
2co=2. Korinttilaisille
ga=Galatalaisille
eph=Efesolaisille
php=Filippil√§isille
col=Kolossalaisille
1th=1. Tessalonikalaisille
2th=2. Tessalonikalaisille
1ti=1. Timoteukselle
2ti=2. Timoteukselle
tit=Titukselle
phm=Filemonille
heb=Heprealaisille
jas=Jaakobin kirje
1pe=1. Pietarin kirje
2pe=2. Pietarin kirje
1jo=1. Johanneksen kirje
2jo=2. Johanneksen kirje
3jo=3. Johanneksen kirje
jude=Juudaan kirje
re=Ilmestys
